0  On National Voter Registration Day, it¡¯s up to us as citizens to make sure everyone we know can make their voices heard at the ballot box. Check and update your registration at IWillVote.com ¡ª and tell your friends, too.
1  One challenge will define the future for today¡¯s young generation more dramatically than any other: Climate change. The millions of young people worldwide who¡¯ve organized and joined today¡¯s #ClimateStrike demand action to protect our planet, and they deserve it.
2  Just 16, @GretaThunberg is already one of our planet¡¯s greatest advocates. Recognizing that her generation will bear the brunt of climate change, she¡¯s unafraid to push for real action. She embodies our vision at the @ObamaFoundation: A future shaped by young leaders like her.
3  That¡¯s what Americans do when others are in need ¨C we help. We give. We inspire. Want to make a difference? There are a number of ways you can help right here:
4  Jermaine Bell is just six years old, but when he saw people in need, he took the money he¡¯d been saving for a trip to Disney World and spent it on food and water for South Carolina evacuees. 
5  Bahamian families and communities face a long recovery from Hurricane Dorian. And Americans are reaching out to help. Brittany Garvin is helping people reunite and evacuate.
6  As we remember those we lost on 9/11, we also remember the spirit of unity and togetherness that defined the weeks and months after. On this day of service, I¡¯m reflecting on all those still working to embrace that spirit, today and every day.
7  Marca had a remarkable way of bringing out the best within us. For me, she was a trusted voice and a persistent, buoyant spirit¡ªan example that progress can be slow, but it¡¯s always possible. We¡¯ll miss her, but we¡¯re far better off because of her fight.
8  Yesterday¡¯s ruling is a big win for North Carolina¡ªand for all of us. Voters should choose their representatives, not the other way around. This win is proof that change is always within our reach, on gerrymandering, voting rights, and much more.
9  Saw this story of a young person doing great work and wanted to share it¡ªkeep it up, David! That¡¯s some creative organizing.